Hello everyone! We are now in Shiding!!
Today we are going to take the second section of Taipei Skyline
... Later we will take the route
from the West Peak to the Emperor's Hall and the Emperor's
Hall!! We are now going to take
the route from the West Peak to the Emperor's Hall
... Go up and dig
that house forest...
Acudu, two cans of biluji grains,
braised eggs
and two kelp!!
Oh!!
Now on the west peak...
the last section has added...
handrails!!
better than before There are a lot of things
I was here last time... I slid a little bit in the
last night.
We just
came down from the east peak of the Emperor's Palace!! Now I'm going back to Shixing Old Street.
I'm ready to go back now. Go to Shiding Old Street ~
The weather is too hot today
...
Just walk along the east and west peaks of the Emperor's Palace!!
There are check-in points here...
Many people go up here. Now when you come down from
the east peak, there are drink stalls
here. , there are still things to eat!!
(OK!! Thank you!!)
There are two companies selling cold drinks
and there are toilets for washing!!
Our toilet is fifty or sixty... fifty or sixty years old!!
My husband's Dad's
toilet... Auntie said that their house is being cleaned and then
built with rough stones
from his father-in-law
, so... when you come here,
you can buy their drinks
(thank you!)
and tell them!!
They are the aborigines. Their own private land (donated)
is open for everyone to use.
We are now coming out from...
the small rough pit archway on the east peak of the Yellow Emperor's Palace!!
Today, the Emperor's Palace...
walks against the East and West Peaks!!
We have finished...
.We will go to Shiding Old Street to eat later .